Merchant: Adam from Appstle
Which App(s) did you want to discuss for this meeting?: Appstle Subscriptions, Appstle Loyalty
Which Shopify Plan are you currently using?: Basic
Please give a short summary of your desired business model, customer experience, and the features you'd like to see during our call.: I want to have subscirptions available to initial product and then send refills with the subscription with loyalty points
Have you used a Subscriptions, Memberships, or Loyalty App before? If yes, please name which app(s).: Yes, Smile and Recharge
Please share your store link(s). Preferably your MyShopify URL.: {example-store.myshopify.com}
We would like to record this meeting for training purposes and for your reference. You can also request a copy of this recording for your own use. Do you consent to recording this demo meeting?: No

Merchant: Bonnie from Bakery
Which App(s) did you want to discuss for this meeting?: Appstle Subscriptions
Which Shopify Plan are you currently using?: Basic
Please give a short summary of your desired business model, customer experience, and the features you'd like to see during our call.: I want to have subscirptions available to initial product and then send refills with the subscription
Have you used a Subscriptions, Memberships, or Loyalty App before? If yes, please name which app(s).: None
Please share your store link(s). Preferably your MyShopify URL.: {bakery-store.myshopify.com}
We would like to record this meeting for training purposes and for your reference. You can also request a copy of this recording for your own use. Do you consent to recording this demo meeting?: No

Merchant: Charlie from Smiling Friends
Which App(s) did you want to discuss for this meeting?: Appstle Subscriptions, Appstle Memberships, Appstle Bundles
Which Shopify Plan are you currently using?: Basic
Please give a short summary of your desired business model, customer experience, and the features you'd like to see during our call.: I need to make Smiling Friends into a big company like Amazon!
Have you used a Subscriptions, Memberships, or Loyalty App before? If yes, please name which app(s).: Nope.
Please share your store link(s). Preferably your MyShopify URL.: I don’t have one.
We would like to record this meeting for training purposes and for your reference. You can also request a copy of this recording for your own use. Do you consent to recording this demo meeting?: No
